In this course, you're going to learn everything you need
to get started with Python. Just be aware that I've designed this course for
beginners, so if you have some programming experience, check out my other Python
course for developers. You can see the link on the top right hand corner of this
video. So, Python is the world's fastest
growing and most popular programming language not just amongst
software developers, but also amongst mathematicians
data analysts, scientists, accountants,
network engineers and even kids. In fact it's the ideal programming
language to learn first. But what makes Python so special?
Here are 6 reasons. With Python you can solve complex
problems in less time with fewer lines of code then
many other languages. That's why huge companies like Google
Spotify, Dropbox, and Facebook have embraced
this beautiful and powerful language. Here's an example.
Let's say we want to extract the first three characters of the
text hello world. This is the code you would have to write in C Sharp
this is how I would do this in JavaScript and here's how
we would do it in Python. See how clean and simple it
is? And that's just the beginning. Python is a multipurpose
language and you can use it for a wide range of jobs such as
data analysis. AI/ML writing automation
scripts. Building web, mobile, and desktop applications,
as well as software testing or even hacking. So if you want a
high paying long lasting career in all these areas,
especially AI and mission learning. Python is the language
to put those opportunities at your finger tips. In fact
according to Indeed.com the average salary of a Python
developer in the US was over $115,000
in March 2018. And here are four more
reasons to make Pythons the most desirable language. Python
is a high level language so you don't have to worry about complex
tasks such as memory management as you do in C++.
It's cross platform, which means you can build and run Python apps
on Windows, Mac, and Linux, it has a huge
community, so whenever you get stuck there is someone out there to help.
And, it has a large ecosystem of libraries, frameworks, and
tools. Whatever you want to do, it is likely that someone else
done it before. Because Python has been around for over 20 years.
There are two versions of Python out there. Python
2 which is the legacy version of Python. And is going to be supported
until year 2020. And Python 3 which is Python
for the future. In this course you're going to learn Python 3.
Hi, I'm Mosh Hamedani, and I'm going to be your instructor in this course.
I'm a software engineer with 18 years of experience and I have
taught way over one million people how to code or how to become
top professional software engineers. To learn more about
me and my courses, head over to Code with Mosh.com. Alright,
now, let's get started.